What happened at Gaoting station again in the previous life,
There should still be one in a year.
I guess,
Even if we don’t see Gaoting Station,
See the resident or commercial bureau,
When there should be work,
I was right.
What are you doing here so late? Oh,
That doesn't seem to be the case. You can just take some medicine.
I held and moldy.
Sister Hong, when you look at Zhou Lai,
In fact, you can give it so much.
Of course,
The more the group is praised, the better it develops.
I won't do it until the fall.
Sister Hong, our ordering ginseng and taking a taxi go hand in hand.
Now it is closed in every city in China.
There are 12 million letters a month on paper alone
According to this stone, we will seal our head
Will be ready for the test soon
By then you have collected the soul bones of forty of a hundred people.
But that was before
Yes, that's more. Let's go.
I'll take you home
Okay, look at my machine gun
I pull the bag for you again
Why are you leaving me like this?
Sister, I won’t eat this from you.
Stewardess, do you have anything to say to me?